- [Instructor] Okay, so now, let's go ahead on,
we are on profile.jsp and what we're going to do is,
we are going to include our tag library
and only way to do it is using taglib directives,
so I'm going to say,
at the rate taglib...
and I will give it a URI first.
The URI can be picked up from the TLD file.
So, if you see on line number 11, you've defined the URI,
so you can just take that,
copy and paste it on profile.jsp.
And once we do that, we also give it a prefix.
You're free to give any prefix, so myTags, that's the one.
Right now that's on line number four that
we have included the custom tag library on our page.
Now, let's go ahead, take this prefix,
go down, and on line number 37
I'm just going to use this tag.
So I'll say an angle bracket, myTags,
and there you see you have that tag already now coming in
the form of the assist feature of Eclipse.
So, I'm going to just take that and then go ahead
and define those two attributes.
Do you see that? Date and format.
So let's say format, I want this one here,
and the date can be assigned through, let's say
an expression element, so I'm going to use
the expression element and just get that to this state
and feed it to that date attribute.
Right, so what is going to happen is that once
we specify the date and the format,
my tag handler class now is going to be in operation.
So anywhere this JSP is going to get translated
to the corresponding servlet class,
then it's actually going to handle with a control
to the tag handler's doTag meta.
So that's how this code is going to get executed,
and the output will be printed on the JSP.
Right, so we have done all of our changes.
Let's go ahead and run this project and check if it works.
Okay, so I'm going to log in.
Let's say admin, admin...
And go to the 'view my profile' page, and there you go!
So, it is 9th of November 2017,
so you see I have now formatted the date,
but it is all according to my own
tag library that I have developed.
So this is how, in brief, you develop a custom tag library.
Please know that you have a lot of the functionality
to do in this, but as a part of the demo we're going to
restrict ourselves to only this functionality
that we've implemented in the application.